Asmodeus Betrays Zerxus｜ Critical Role ｜ EXU Calamity 4.m4a

I place my other hand on Evandrin's name stone, and touching his face very gently, I use Cleansing Touch, but powered by that stone. He accepts your hand and leans his face against your shoulder. The spell should be working. Uh-huh. And it's not. I think I know what may be happening. What? The ritual of Evandrin, it didn't work because you tried to resurrect him, but he wasn't dead. Right. You're trying to atone me, and I didn't do anything wrong. Yes! And he stabs you through the heart. You want to know what I've always hated about mortals. You feel his claws dig into the back. You're wrong! I lay a hand on him and I cast Remove Curse. He laughs uproariously. Look at me. This is not who you are. This is not who you are! Who am I? You're not this! You have referred to yourself and your fellow mortals as our children. You are not our children. You are a bad First Draft. You think that you are a man of true belief and that it's all these wizards around you that are humble. Who is the most proud man here? These ones who thought they would fly a city are the man who thought he would teach me a lesson. I'll tell you why I spit on your forgiveness. I'll tell you why I loathe your redemption. to reach a hand down to somebody, they need to be beneath you! And I'm beneath nobody! You wanted to understand me. Then you should have accepted that I was right! And he pulls the back of your head and rips the skin off of your skull. - Do I have a moment to do anything? - You have a moment to do anything. - Then I'm gonna cast a spell. - What do you cast? - I'm gonna cast Resilient Sphere on myself. He counterspells it with a ninth level spell slot and smashes you into the floor and breaks your spine. And he heals you again and... He just keeps killing you. He just keeps killing you. He just keeps killing you. He just keeps killing you again? That's the coolest shit. He breaks your spine, heals you, raises you back up, casts Time Stop again. What I get in between the Time Stops, buddy? No, no, he casts the second Time Stop in the first Time Stop. This man is a god. - Time stop, we need a time stop. - In the vision in the Hall of Prophecy, you told me that you would help me confront those who did this to me. Wake up, Xerxes! You did this to me! You and your kin, you think my enemy are the prime deities? Those are my siblings! You think that my quarrel is with them? No, all of you did something to them. You made them turn their back on us. My greatest heartbreak is that when I have collected every last mortal soul and all of my siblings into my pit, that I will only have eternity to punish them.