Brennan's HOMEBREW Leaves The Cast In Tears ｜ Critical Moments EXU Calamity.m4a

Lacrytia reappears. She reappears, Patia, right in front of you. Boom, kicks her in the head. Kicks her in the head. Right in front of me! Right in front of you, 10 feet with Blink. I've always hated you. Oh, man! Incredible! Resilient Sphere. Freezing. Oh my god. She wants to kill you so bad, she is going to drop a Counterspell in this moment. I'm not going to tell you the level she's dropping it at, but she is dropping it nonetheless. So she's attempting to counter this Resilient Sphere. Can I counter her Counterspell? Unfortunately-- While it would be holding an-- Unfortunately, you are holding an action, right? So you're using your reaction to come in and hit her here. Eyes are straight up. Yeah. And I just sense what's happening below, and I look down and I Counterspell that Counterspell. Come on, come on. Ooh, baby! Your modifier to a Christmas plus five. You need to roll an 11 or higher in the d20. It's a total coin flip. You got this. Oh my goodness. It's a total coin flip, and it's going to be quite-- It's going to be bad. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Is that this? You got this? I don't know! There you go. I don't need the stress of my life. 15! 15! So she threw a 6th-level counterspell. She did not want this to work, and instead, boom, from up above. You see this other-- Again, you just see this radiant image of Xerxes just pop up in a shield and bust that out of her hand. Patia, as she tries to dispel it, Patia, quickly, reactionary, yanks back her arms and almost catches the force bubble and pushes it back. Yeah! Patia, you encircle her in this sphere. I'm going to ask, actually, for some homebrew stuff here. As you're capturing her in this sphere, this is so cool. It's not Olyx Resilient's sphere. It's Por'co's impenetrable bubble. Yes! Yeah. Okay, so I will also say this. Both of the mages to either side throw counterspells that both fail. They only had third level. This is a fourth level spell. So they needed to beat it and they could not. So with-- There's this spell that Lycretia was casting. I think, in my mind, works so insane with you've perfectly chosen the spell to counter it. So I want an opposed arcana roll here to see how well you can oppose her with this spell. It's a 17, so if you can beat a 17 arcana, something is going to happen. Okay, my arcana is a plus 10, and I have an advantage thanks to Silvery Barbs. It was all meant to be. So I need, realistically, an eight plus on one of these. A natural 19! Woo! Keisha. Yes! The spell-- Was it a disintegrate or something, but I guess-- No. This is why a resilience sphere is such a perfect choice. The spell that was coming your way, and Nydas' way, and Zerxus' way, was Circle of Death. Oh my god! A 60-foot radius sphere of necromantic energy, 8d6 necrotic damage to everybody within that. She was about to, even her own, it would have killed both of her mages. It would have killed all of her followers here. Now, in my mind, Something that deals 8d6 necrotic damage, if it goes out for 60 feet, how much damage would it deal? So she goes-- A black cloud enwrapped in the bubble. So she goes, "I've always hated you." "And you--" Scintillating blue energy, the blue of brumestone. Yes. Oh my god. Ah! Ah! Withering her own skin, the spell escapes and recurses and recurses and recurses, and she drops to the floor. And I will say this, Patia, I leave it up to you, because on a 19 plus 10, that's a 29 arcana check. Do you want her dead or incapacitated? Let's go. Oh, she kissed me. You just dutchered. I haven't done it with her. - Bye.