EXU Calamity Clips that Butter My Toast Pt 1｜ EXU： Calamity Part 1 Compilation.m4a

Hello and welcome to Exandria Unlimited. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan. I'll be your GM for this calamity. Throwing to our friend Marisha Ray. Oh my goodness, that was such a quick opening. How nice to be here. Get low, get low. High table. Fire. Luis, I need you to describe your character. but I would love for you to do that with the understanding that your mouth is filled with blood. So this is how it's going to be, Brennan, you son of a bitch? It's not called the ex-you fucking party time, okay? Can't wait. Is it too late? Okay. 13. Lucky 13. That's what they say. Oh, it's in the open! Could you do me the favor of describing what your husband looked like in life? oh my god just ask yourself xerxes whom did we betray if you look down and see the stars what will you see if you look up and i look up you see the ground and it is fast approaching what - You know, from the wrong class. - The Spire of Avalir, the City of Crowns. - Stop being cool, like we don't remember what just happened. - The sky, the ground was there and it was coming here. Fast, you said fast. - Aria, Aria, I need my copy, my copy. - Mr. Seeley, Mr. Seeley, got you right here. Yes, sir, here you go. - Count me down, count me down. And speaking of belongings, why not try Orison's odd tack? The spell glue that sticks to what it's told. I'm Loquacious Seelie saying, "Seelie you later." Change it with illusion. Some of the crystal columns in Evenloft have been down. Have they been repaired? We're still getting word for the ones back in-- I need those ratings. I understand. If you would, sir, the Architect Arcane, there's some civic construction occurring there right now, so that's what the slowdown is coming from, but-- Oh, well, all right then. I'll take it up with her, I guess. If you would prefer for us to-- We've been reaching out from your office and not getting a-- No reply at all. Not at the moment? Did you say that I had requested? I can show you the exact text that I-- No, it's fine, it's fine. I will take it up with her the next time I see her. I don't need a fire. Hi. Architect Arcane, how are you feeling this fine morning? I'm feeling great and don't care about small talk. What do you need? Always a pleasure. We're fine and perfect here. Are the ground ones good? You know, I think there's always a few youths that like to run around on the receptacles before the city lands. They'll move or don't. Yes, you see-- They'll move or don't? Had a couple don'ts in the past. Right, you are, Architect Arcane. It's not like they won't see us coming. That. I think even as she's checking against her notes and double-checking because she doesn't trust other people, she's actively weeping because she's been working towards this for so long. It's both relief that all of the things that she's sacrificed could be worth it for this one shot, and the terror that she has so little time to take advantage of this tremendous moment. "Madam, your ex-husband is at the door." My darling. You know, when we separated, we said that we would try to remain friends, try to keep open, clear lines of communication. You know, we're going to see each other all the time. From the replenishment? What fucking hairstyle check do you need from me? You look beautiful. What do you need? What do you need? Well, thank you. that you're obsessed with your work. You make your social status my problem right now? You don't have to. Just reply to my messages. The ones from Arya? Arya is just my assistant. I mean-- She's a fantastic assistant. She came highly recommended. I'm sure she did. She happens to be young. She happens to be attractive, but that goes with the territory. It has nothing to do with anything else. Of course it doesn't. I face the other side of the table. Of course it doesn't. You have my unadulterated attention right now. Well, that would make the first time that's ever happened. Oh! I begin summoning a firebolt. Before you go. There I am, sure as glue. Vault is a dance club, okay? There's no gold here, baby. Not yet. Um, uh, Sailor Marines of the Harvest Moon, your merchant company, they saved the enchanted blade in which my maze can be found. And so, and I said, I would give, I owed him a boon. How much do we owe you for your service? And he says, no, no, it's a boon. It's a boon. Don't pay him, it's a bone! Magister, I do not know to whom you speak who felt so comfortably embracing rumor as if it were fact, but this is not the case and you have come to the wrong person. I would ask that you excuse me as I have much to do with regard to the replenishment. Alistair opens the door and says, "Guildmaster, the Sphinx is pitching alts on his roar." We really need to nail this down. You know, talent. Oh! Who did we betray? I didn't betray nobody. No, we're fine. This is great. We're doing great. Nothing bad will happen. Oh, Pidge, how the hell are you? I'm good. It's good to see you, Arwen. The rumor is he was trying to recreate the Matron's Ritual. Another one of those, huh? Yeah, exactly. I mean, every two-bit sorcerer, hedge maze pops up with their bodies scattered in a miasma of their own goo, trying to name check some prime deity. Comes in here, nothing more than a stain, but it looks like this joker did it so bad that he didn't even leave a hair or a fingernail. "I mean, there's nothing left of the guy." "Oh, here's a story you won't have heard, "and I'll tell this, and it's a little--" No, please, I have all the time. "Well, they-- Are you all right? Do you need to sit down? "Yeah." Are you all right? "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. "Hold on, I-- "There it is. "Oh, well. "All I wished to say was, "Oh, your grandmother and me, poor girl, "and me as opposed to, they made this statue "and the original--" Sam just said taint. Hi, folks, and welcome back. Please go just to make sure that the hors d'oeuvres and the beverages are all settled and-- Oh, he's bringing a wolf. Is that bad? He's bringing a wolf. I was told he was bringing a wolf. She's going to be a wolf. Fantastic. You come with a plus one? Let's say yes. Who did you bring? I brought-- It takes me a second to remember her name. I love it. Okay. But her name is Bolo, I think. Bolo? Bolo? Nice to meet you, I'm Bolo. No! Come on, man! Bolo. Bolo? Start practicing, maybe take some mental notes and get us some drinks, all right? In Aeor, sometimes it is illegal to ask these questions. I think her name is Bolo. I think her name is Bolo! As you enter this place, Architect Arcane of the Court of Workings, Hierophant Abjura of the-- I cast Haste on myself, so I'm down at the bottom of the stairs as he says. You hear that the prerecorded announcement is like, Hierophant Abjura, and speeds up. I have to follow up on one other lead real quick. I'll see you at our table. I'm actually chasing down the rando that Loquatius came with. You're a simple lord! You go over. You go over and you see-- Good evening. I know all the faces in this gin joint, but I don't seem to know yours. This bag is giving me a hard time. Can I escort you to-- I need drinks. You need the drinks. This bag keep arguing with me. Can you destroy? I go over to Loquatius. Who the fuck did you come with? A blur of gold comes by. Who the fuck did you come with? Oh! And I take back off to go find that. You don't need to, Laerryn. She's just some arm candy that was offered to me by a friend. Arm candy? She threatened to expire the help. That's going to be a fun night for me then. As she's looking at it, I'm just going to do something that I've done to her hundreds of times, but not in a while, and just gently rub her shoulder and inspire her. When you make contact, I think a little bit of her perfume kicks up and it smells like a silver and violet and petrichor, which were the flowers at our wedding. Oh, stop it! Stop it! Have you guys watched Nydas hit this thing for the next meeting is just banging it. Incredulous. Nydas. Nydas! She can't help but smile that she has the last thing that she needs. She needs. Announcing the champion of the Mitren of Ravens, Purrvon Su. Shut your fucking mouth, Brennan Lee Mulligan! And you see-- What?! You see-- Very important figure in this job. The reactions at the table were, "Ah, yo." You said, "What?!" He parts the ivy a little bit so we get a good look. Thank you. Listening through Detect Thoughts. Godranis. You see the tray clatters to the ground and the hod medad disanimates and is a pile of clothing on the floor soaking up the champagne. Um. What? What is happening? Imagine I would make eye contact with Saret and be like, "Go." Sir Sulp! Sir Sulp! Purrvon! Champion. He turns to look at you when you say champion. Not running. I'm not trying to make it seem like-- I'm running. But I'm stepping towards him with a sense of authority. Yeah, Galdric, you see the wolf. The wolf steps around and goes. But you arrived at the site where he attempted this rite? Nani? Here you see Purvan look surprised. You've just said something Purvan did not know. Oops. I will cast Gift of Gab. Yes! I take it back. Rewind. Yes, yep. It's rewind. Free advice, change your first name. You see, he goes, it's normal where I come from. And you see, he... You're not alone in this room. Invisibility is a pretty beloved power. It's easy to get. Even very junior mages can master it. You need just enough of your eyes to stay visible that light can hit them and you can still see. But you've been trained to look for them because they always move in two. As fast as I can, I'll spin and not only draw both of the hawks, but my wings come out. You whip around. The first thing that becomes visible is the blood hitting the wall, and you hear the drop before the spell fades. Oh my god! You hear behind you from the mirror: You will never reach the Wild Mother's embrace in time. "Are you looking for something?" You turn around and in the mirror, you see a shape in the mutilated face of Vespin Chloras. Yeah! Oh my god! Give it back to me! And that's all for this episode. No! - Oh my God!